

# Proxy Features
Most of the tools in the toolbox are proxy-related features. The original purpose of developing these features is to allow **remote access** to other servers or devices inside the home network (such as routers) that do not support public access or do not have a public IP. These tools can also be used for **bulk management** of multiple hosts inside a private network.

# SSH Proxy
- This feature allows you to enter login credentials for another Linux server. The connection will be forwarded through this server to access another Linux server.
- It provides an experience almost identical to local file operations, allowing for code editing, but does **not** support file previews.
- The terminal uses the default terminal of the remote server, not the local pty-shell.
- The file upload feature first uploads the file to the intermediate server, then forwards it to the target Linux server, and finally deletes the temporary file on the intermediate server.

# Browser Proxy
This feature provides an **HTTP proxy** to directly display another website, such as accessing a home router. A unique HTTP port (randomly assigned) must be provided. If the server has limited available ports, this feature will be unavailable.

# HTTP Proxy
- This feature provides a **mini postman** function, supporting form file uploads. Files will be uploaded to the server first, then sent to the target, and finally, the temporary file on the server will be deleted.
- It also supports **background file downloads**. You can specify a local download directory, and the page can be opened quickly from any folder.

# RDP Proxy (Remote Windows)
Provides remote Windows access using **MeshCentral** to rewrite the `mstsc` protocol.

# RTSP Player
Requires **FFmpeg** to be installed. By entering an RTSP stream (such as a surveillance camera address), you can remotely play the stream in real time.

# Wake on LAN (WOL)
Requires the **MAC address** of another host, and the host must have a network cable plugged in. Most computers support **Wake on LAN**.

