

# File Management (Not for Cloud Disk Access, Future Development Not Planned)
Supports various file editing and preview operations.

# Supported Preview File Types
- Images, videos, Markdown, Excalidraw (whiteboard drawing), and other formats supported by the browser (such as PDFs).

# File Compression/Decompression
- Supports compression of `tar`, `zip`, and `gz` format files. You can select multiple files and click the **Compress** button on the menu bar.
- Supports decompression of `tar`, `zip`, `gz`, and `rar` format files.

# Large File Breakpoint and Chunked Uploads
- The default method is **HTTP upload**. You can set the maximum upload concurrency in the **Settings - Environment** section. For directories that meet certain criteria, **chunked uploads** will be used (via WebSocket). Different upload modes are used for different directories, which allows for optimizing the concurrency for different types of hard drives (e.g., mechanical hard drives).

# Log Viewing
- Supports opening and viewing text files of any size instantly. Right-click any file and select **Open as Log** to scroll through the entire file and view real-time file content. Currently, only UTF-8 encoded files are supported.

# Code Editing
- Uses **Ace Editor**, which supports all code formats.
- There is also a **Studio Editor** mode. Right-click on a folder and select **Open as Studio** to open an editor page similar to **VSCode**, suitable for temporary development environments on Linux servers.

# Image Editing (filerobot-image-editor)
For image files such as PNG, right-click to select **Edit**.

# Whiteboard Drawing (Excalidraw)
The project integrates **Excalidraw**. When creating a file, select **Excalidraw** or set the file extension to `.draw`. Double-click to open and start whiteboard drawing.

# Recycle Bin
- In **Settings - System**, you can set the **Recycle Bin directory** and its status with the format: `[Parent Directory of Deleted Files] Recycle Bin Directory [; ...]`.
- Different directories can have different Recycle Bin directories to avoid issues when mounting multiple hard drives, such as NTFS, on Linux.
- Files deleted using commands will **not** be moved to the Recycle Bin.

# Protected Paths
- In **Settings - Environment**, you can set **Protected Paths** for both the system and personal directories. Files in these paths cannot be deleted to avoid accidental deletion of important files.

# Search
Currently, search is only supported within the current directory.

# Quick Directory Jump
Click the breadcrumb of a directory to jump to another directory. It supports relative paths, as long as it’s within the current root directory.

# Video Format Conversion
- Requires **FFmpeg** installed in the system. For any video file, right-click to choose the conversion format. If FFmpeg is pre-installed, the installation size might be too large.

# Switch Between Multiple Root Directories
- In the top-right corner of the folder, you can select to switch between multiple root directories. All file operations are relative to the current root directory.
- You can set multiple root directories (folder paths) in **Settings - Environment**.

# Other Features
- Right-click to sort files.
- For images, you can right-click any image and select **Close Preview**, which is useful when dealing with network issues.

